docs/apps/widgets/apps-files.md, before:

# Files Widget

The Files Widget in FlowAgent is designed to enhance the management and display of files such as pictures and documents. It supports file uploads from computers and mobile devices, making it a versatile tool for users.

## Installation of widget

The Files widget is a separate app and needs to be installed before being available for use.

## Add files widget to a tab

The Files widget has to be installed on a tab in order to be used.
Follow the guide to learn how to setup the widget.

<iframe src="https://scribehow.com/embed/Files_widget_Setup__41cysBMVQUWgA6bM-MJOTQ" width="100%" height="640" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>

### Through JSON

The Files widget needs to be configures with JSON. The settings allow for detailed control over the widget's appearance and functionality.

#### Widget Basic Configuration

| Property                | Type    | Description                                       |
|-------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------|
| `height`                | integer | The height of the widget in pixels (max 500).     |
| `icon`                  | string  | The icon used for the widget.                     |
| `iconColor`             | string  | The color of the icon.                            |
| `iconBackgroundColor`   | string  | The background color of the icon.                 |

#### Files Widget Configuration

| Property                | Type    | Description                                                   |
|-------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| `filesWidget`           | object  | Configuration for interpreting file tags within the widget.   |

##### filesWidget Details

| Property                | Type    | Description                                                   |
|-------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| `getWithTags`           | array   | Tags for displaying files in the widget.                      |
| `createWithTags`        | array   | Tags automatically added when a file is uploaded.             |
| `additionalCreateTags`  | array   | Tags presented to the user when uploading a file.             |

#### JSON Example

```json
{
  "height": 300,
  "icon": "assignment",
  "iconColor": "white",
  "iconBackgroundColor": "orange",
  "filesWidget": {
    "createWithTags": [
      "item[itemid]",
      "Inspections"
    ],
     "getWithTags": [
      "item[itemid]",
      "item[relation77]"
    ],
    "additionalCreateTags": [
      "Deviation",
      "Corrected"
    ]
  }
}
```

This JSON example is a `file widget` on a project with the id: `1234`.
`"createWithTags"`:  When uploading a file, it will be tagged with `item[itemid]`(which is converted to `item1234`) and `insepection`. 
`"getWithTags"`: When viewing, the configuration shows Files Tagged With:
- `item[itemid]`: This instruction makes the widget display only the files that are tagged with the specific item you're looking at. (`item1234`).
- `item[relation77]`: This inststruction makes the widget display the files from items related to the current item. In this case `item[relation77]` which is translated to `item7878` 
`"additionalCreateTags"`: When the user uploades a file, the widget will prompt the user to assign one of the included tags. In this case `"Deviation"`, and `"Corrected"`.

## Usage

### Uploading Files

Follow the guide for learning how to upload files from web or mobile 

<iframe src="https://scribehow.com/embed/Files_widget_Upload__ZxCJ16uRS3qx2LGJ2JPQ_A" width="100%" height="640" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>

### View, rename and delete files

Follow the guide for learning how to view, rename and delete  files from web or mobile 

<iframe src="https://scribehow.com/embed/Files_widget_View_rename_and_delete__BGvs7xVzSRWaEzrNY0K2kg" width="100%" height="640" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>

Commit message:

Refactor JSON documentation: streamline replaceables section and add new placeholders; update files widget settings

docs/apps/widgets/apps-files.md, after:

# Files Widget

The Files Widget in FlowAgent is designed to enhance the management and display of files such as pictures and documents. It supports file uploads from computers and mobile devices, making it a versatile tool for users.

## Installation of widget

The Files widget is a separate app and needs to be installed before being available for use.

## Add files widget to a tab

The Files widget has to be installed on a tab in order to be used.
Follow the guide to learn how to setup the widget.

<iframe src="https://scribehow.com/embed/Files_widget_Setup__41cysBMVQUWgA6bM-MJOTQ" width="100%" height="640" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>

### Through JSON

The Files widget needs to be configures with JSON. The settings allow for detailed control over the widget's appearance and functionality.

#### Widget Basic Configuration

| Property                | Type    | Description                                       |
|-------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------|
| `height`                | integer | The height of the widget in pixels (max 500).     |
| `icon`                  | string  | The icon used for the widget.                     |
| `iconColor`             | string  | The color of the icon.                            |
| `iconBackgroundColor`   | string  | The background color of the icon.                 |

#### Files Widget Configuration

| Property                | Type    | Description                                                   |
|-------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| `filesWidget`           | object  | Configuration for interpreting file tags within the widget.   |

##### filesWidget Details

| Property                | Type    | Description                                                   |
|-------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| `getWithTags`           | array   | Tags for displaying files in the widget.                      |
| `createWithTags`        | array   | Tags automatically added when a file is uploaded.             |
| `allowFilterOnTags`     | array   | Additional tags that can be used to filter files (theese tags will not be used with the getWithTagsRule). |
| `getWithTagsRule`       | string  | Rule for displaying files in the widget. Options are `all`, `any` and `exact` |
| `forcedView`            | string  | Set a specific view that overrules the users preferred view. Options are `list` or `grid` |

#### JSON Example

```json
{
  "height": 300,
  "icon": "assignment",
  "iconColor": "white",
  "iconBackgroundColor": "orange",
  "filesWidget": {
    "createWithTags": [
      "item[itemid]",
      "Inspections"
    ],
     "getWithTags": [
      "item[itemid]",
      "item[relation77]"
    ],
    "additionalCreateTags": [
      "Deviation",
      "Corrected"
    ]
  }
}
```

This JSON example is a `file widget` on a project with the id: `1234`.
`"createWithTags"`:  When uploading a file, it will be tagged with `item[itemid]`(which is converted to `item1234`) and `insepection`. 
`"getWithTags"`: When viewing, the configuration shows Files Tagged With:
- `item[itemid]`: This instruction makes the widget display only the files that are tagged with the specific item you're looking at. (`item1234`).
- `item[relation77]`: This inststruction makes the widget display the files from items related to the current item. In this case `item[relation77]` which is translated to `item7878` 
`"additionalCreateTags"`: When the user uploades a file, the widget will prompt the user to assign one of the included tags. In this case `"Deviation"`, and `"Corrected"`.

## Usage

### Uploading Files

Follow the guide for learning how to upload files from web or mobile 

<iframe src="https://scribehow.com/embed/Files_widget_Upload__ZxCJ16uRS3qx2LGJ2JPQ_A" width="100%" height="640" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>

### View, rename and delete files

Follow the guide for learning how to view, rename and delete  files from web or mobile 

<iframe src="https://scribehow.com/embed/Files_widget_View_rename_and_delete__BGvs7xVzSRWaEzrNY0K2kg" width="100%" height="640" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>
