docs/Forms/forms-Items.md, before:

# Items

The `items` component in the form's JSON structure serves two primary purposes:
1. **Populating Form Fields**: It allows for the presentation of fields in the form with predefined information extracted from the custom fields related to these items.
2. **Performing Actions through Triggers**: It enables the manipulation of these items through CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functions as part of form processing.

## Structure of `items`

The `items` object is a collection of key-value pairs where each key represents an item type, and the value is an array defining how to fetch or interact with these items.

| Property | Type   | Required | Options                          | Description |
|----------|--------|----------|----------------------------------|-------------|
| Key      | string | Yes      | N/A                              | The name of the item, serving as an identifier in the form. |
| Value    | array  | Yes      | `itemid`, `parentitemid`, `relationxx`, other as desicribed in the `JSON Query document`| An array of conditions or parameters used to specify how to fetch or manipulate the item. |

### JSON Example

Below is an example illustrating the `items` component with different item types:

```json
{
  "items": {
    "Project": [
      ["id", "=", "[itemid]"]
    ],
    "customer": [
      ["id", "=", "[parentitemid]"]
    ],
    "task": [
      ["id", "=", "[relation79]"]
    ]
  }
}

```

In this example:

The Project item uses the current item's ID ([itemid]).
The customer item refers to the ID of a parent item ([parentitemid]).
The task item is associated with a related item, identified through a relation ([relation79]).
Each array under an item key (like Project, customer, task) specifies how to retrieve or interact with that item, primarily for the purpose of populating form fields or performing actions through form triggers.

Commit message:

New version of forms. Added JSON Actions document. Added dynamic values documentation

docs/Forms/forms-Items.md, after:

# Items

The `items` component in the form's JSON structure is crucial for two primary functionalities:

1. **Populating Form Fields**: It facilitates pre-filling form fields with predefined information by fetching data from specified items based on certain conditions.
2. **Performing Actions through Triggers**: It allows for the manipulation of these items through CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functions as part of the form's operational flow.

## `items` Properties

The `items` object is structured as a collection of key-value pairs. Each key represents a unique identifier for an item type within the form, and the associated value is an array. This array specifies the criteria for fetching or interacting with the item, utilizing query filters as defined in the `JSON Query document`.

| Property | Type   | Required | Description |
|----------|--------|----------|-------------|
| Key      | string | Yes      | Serves as the unique identifier of the item within the form. |
| Value    | array  | Yes      | An array of conditions or parameters, defining the criteria for fetching or manipulating the item. It uses a structured query format as described in the `JSON Query document`. |

### JSON Example

The following example illustrates the `items` component with different types of item identifiers:

```json
{
  "items": {
    "Project": [
      ["id", "=", "[itemid]"]
    ],
    "customer": [
      ["id", "=", "[parentitemid]"]
    ],
    "task": [
      ["id", "=", "[relationXX]"]
    ]
  }
}
```

In this example:

- The `Project` item is fetched using the current item's ID, referred to as `[itemid]`.
- The `customer` item is linked to the ID of a parent item, denoted by `[parentitemid]`.
- The `task` item is associated with a related item, identified through a relationship indicated as `[relationXX]`, where `XX` should be replaced with the actual relation ID relevant to your configuration.

Each array under an item key (like `Project`, `customer`, `task`) is structured as a query filter. It specifies the criteria for fetching or interacting with that item, primarily for the purpose of populating form fields or performing actions through form triggers.

For a detailed understanding of the structure and usage of these query filters, please refer to the `JSON Query document`.

---

This revision ensures that the document is more aligned with the original documentation, providing clear explanations and maintaining consistency in the use of placeholders and references to external documents.
