docs/modules/widgets/details.md, before:

# Details Widget

The Details Widget displays custom fields from any module in the system, providing detailed information about specific items.

## JSON Configuration

[Common Widget Properties](/docs/modules/widgets/common-properties)

| Property    | Type    | Required | Default Value                     | Description                                                    |
|-------------|---------|----------|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `moduleid`  | integer | Yes      | Current Module                    | The ID of the module to display data from.                     |
| `query`     | array   | Yes      | `[["id", "=", "[itemid]"]]`       | [JSON Query](/docs/JSON/json-query) for filtering items.       |
| `relations` | object  | No       | N/A                               | [JSON Relations](/docs/JSON/json-relations) for related data.  |
| `colSize`   | integer | No       | auto-calculated                   | Overrides the column size for displaying fields. If not set, it is calculated based on the number of columns in the widget. |

## Examples

### Example 1: Show details about a parent relation.
In this example, we are on module 2, and we want to show details about the parent relation on module 1.
We need to use the relation id between module 1 and module 2 which is 123.

```json
{
    "moduleid": 1,
    "query": [
        [
            "id",
            "=",
            "[relation123]"
        ]
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Refactor documentation for clarity and structure
- Updated visibility component documentation to improve organization and readability.
- Enhanced how-to-use guide for actional buttons with clearer instructions and examples.
- Revised introduction to actional buttons for better context and usability.
- Expanded automations documentation with usage examples and tips.
- Streamlined general settings documentation for easier navigation and understanding.
- Simplified groups documentation to focus on user roles and permissions management.
- Clarified marketplace documentation for integrating external systems.
- Improved modules documentation to emphasize their role as data containers.
- Updated organisations documentation to better explain user management for external parties.
- Enhanced solutions documentation to highlight the benefits of prebuilt configurations.
- Refined users documentation to provide a clearer overview of user management processes.

docs/modules/widgets/details.md, after:

# Details Widget

The Details Widget displays custom fields from any module, providing detailed information about specific items in a clear, customizable layout.

## When to Use
Use the Details Widget when you want to show a summary or detailed view of an item’s fields—such as on dashboards, sidebars, or item pages.

## How It Works
- Configure the widget with the module ID and a query to select the item(s) to display.
- Optionally, use relations to pull in related data from other modules.
- Adjust `colSize` to control the number of columns (1-12) for field display.

## Main Properties
- **moduleid** (integer, required): The ID of the module to display data from. Defaults to the current module.
- **query** (array, required): A [JSON Query](/docs/JSON/json-query.md) to filter which item(s) to show. Default: `[ ["id", "=", "[itemid]"] ]`
- **relations** (object, optional): [JSON Relations](/docs/JSON/json-relations.md) for pulling in related data.
- **colSize** (integer, optional): Number of columns for displaying fields (range: 1-12). If not set, it is auto-calculated based on the number of fields.

## Usage Example
Show details about a parent relation (e.g., from module 2, show parent from module 1 using relation id 123):

```json
{
  "moduleid": 1,
  "query": [
    ["id", "=", "[relation123]"]
  ]
}
```

## Tips
- Use `colSize` to control layout: 1 for a single column, up to 12 for a wide, multi-column display.
- Combine with relations to show data from linked modules.

## Related Links
- [Common Widget Properties](/docs/modules/widgets/common-properties.md)
- [JSON Query](/docs/JSON/json-query.md)
- [JSON Relations](/docs/JSON/json-relations.md)
